README.md, before:

# ITRS Geneos Best Practices

[Geneos](https://www.itrsgroup.com/products/geneos) is a powerful, complex and mature monitoring product for the _Always-On Enterprise_ with a particular focus on financial services.

Over the course of its lifetime we, the Professional Services / Service Delivery team, have developed a number of best practices that we encourage all of our users to adopt. These include both deployment, configuration and ongoing operations of the product.

On this site you will find a selection of those best practices along with archives of older documents made available for reference.

We are in the process of creating the latest Best Practice Guides and they will be published here as they become available. The aim is to make these live documents that will be maintained as we move forward and ITRS Geneos continue to evolve, acquire new features and work with our ever widening range of other products.

## ITRS Resources

### Documentation and Releases

* [Geneos Documentation](https://docs.itrsgroup.com/docs/geneos/current/index.html)
* [ITRS Downloads](https://resources.itrsgroup.com/downloads)

> Note: The downloads can be also be accessed using the `geneos` program below, either directly from your systems if you have direct Internet access from the shell or from an independent system where you can download releases for internal distribution.

### Best Practice `geneos` Tool

The [`geneos`](https://github.com/ITRS-Group/cordial/tree/main/tools/geneos) program replaces all the previous shell scripts published with the Best Practice guides in the past with a much enhanced single executable that you can use to deploy and maintain your ITRS Geneos estate. It can be downloaded as part of the public [`cordial`](https://github.com/ITRS-Group/cordial/releases/latest) repo releases via github.

This program is the one that will be used in the new Best Practice Guides.

### Sample Geneos Configuration Files

The legacy include files as well as newer ones are published on a parallel site, here:

* [Geneos Include Files](https://itrs-group.github.io/geneos-includes/)

### Community Forums

In association with formal contract support and Professional Services commercial engagements, we also have a community forum where ITRS users - of any product - are encouraged to ask questions and help others. Please sign-up and get involved:

* [ITRS Community Forums](https://community.itrsgroup.com/)

### Archived Documents

Please see the [Legacy](legacy/README.md) area for copies of archived documented from around 2014, which have been in ongoing use for a number of years.

Commit message:

update terms to "Good" practice

README.md, after:

# ITRS Geneos Good Practices

[Geneos](https://www.itrsgroup.com/products/geneos) is a powerful, complex and mature monitoring product for the _Always-On Enterprise_ with a particular focus on financial services.

Over the course of its lifetime we, the Professional Services / Service Delivery team, have developed a number of good practices that we encourage all of our users to adopt. These include both deployment, configuration and ongoing operations of the product.

On this site you will find a selection of those good practices along with archives of older documents made available for reference.

We are in the process of creating the latest Good Practice Guides and they will be published here as they become available. The aim is to make these live documents that will be maintained as we move forward and ITRS Geneos continue to evolve, acquire new features and work with our ever widening range of other products.

## ITRS Resources

### Documentation and Releases

* [Geneos Documentation](https://docs.itrsgroup.com/docs/geneos/current/index.html)
* [ITRS Downloads](https://resources.itrsgroup.com/downloads)

> Note: The downloads can be also be accessed using the `geneos` program below, either directly from your systems if you have direct Internet access from the shell or from an independent system where you can download releases for internal distribution.

### Good Practice `geneos` Tool

The [`geneos`](https://github.com/ITRS-Group/cordial/tree/main/tools/geneos) program replaces all the previous shell scripts published with the Good Practice guides in the past with a much enhanced single executable that you can use to deploy and maintain your ITRS Geneos estate. It can be downloaded as part of the public [`cordial`](https://github.com/ITRS-Group/cordial/releases/latest) repo releases via github.

This program is the one that will be used in the new Good Practice Guides.

### Sample Geneos Configuration Files

The legacy include files as well as newer ones are published on a parallel site, here:

* [Geneos Include Files](https://itrs-group.github.io/geneos-includes/)

### Community Forums

In association with formal contract support and Professional Services commercial engagements, we also have a community forum where ITRS users - of any product - are encouraged to ask questions and help others. Please sign-up and get involved:

* [ITRS Community Forums](https://community.itrsgroup.com/)

### Archived Documents

Please see the [Legacy](legacy/README.md) area for copies of archived documented from around 2014, which have been in ongoing use for a number of years.
