legacy/README.md, before:

# ITRS Geneos Best Practice - Legacy Files

In this section you will find legacy versions of ITRS Geneos Best Practice guides. These editions are all circa 2014 and were written for much older Geneos releases and use tooling that is no longer recommended. They are published here for reference as they have never been formally published together before.

> ⚠️ ITRS Professional Services, the original authors of these guides, have used them as the basis for Geneos installations for numerous clients but we now no longer recommend their use in their current form. Please see the updated guides at the top of this site.

The guides available are:

* [Gateway Installation Guide](gateway-install-guide.md) (version 2.2, last update 2020)
* [Gateway Best Practice Guide](gateway-best-practice.md) (version 1.1, last update 2014)
* [Level 2 Monitoring Best Practice Guide](level-2-best-practice-guide.md) (version 1.2, last update 2014)
* [Gateway Monitoring Guide](gateway-monitoring.md) (version 3.0, last update date unknown)

A version of the _Gateway Best Practice Guide_ has also been previously published, and is now considered archived, here:

> <https://docs.itrsgroup.com/docs/geneos/current/best-practices/gateway-best-practice-guide.html>

There are also other guides for Netprobe and other component installation, but their contents follows the general outline of the Gateway Installation Guide and have been superseded with little value to add and so are not being published here.

Commit message:

update terms to "Good" practice

legacy/README.md, after:

# ITRS Geneos Best Practice - Legacy Files

In this section you will find legacy versions of **_ITRS Geneos Best Practice_** guides. These editions are all circa 2014 and were written for much older Geneos releases and use tooling that is no longer recommended. They are published here for reference as they have never been formally published together before.

Additionally, we now use the term "Good Practice" rather than "Best Practice". The documents in this legacy area have, however, been left as-is and terminology is unchanged.

> ⚠️ ITRS Professional Services, the original authors of these guides, have used them as the basis for Geneos installations for numerous clients but we now no longer recommend their use in their current form. Please see the updated guides at the top of this site.

The guides available are:

* [Gateway Installation Guide](gateway-install-guide.md) (version 2.2, last update 2020)
* [Gateway Best Practice Guide](gateway-best-practice.md) (version 1.1, last update 2014)
* [Level 2 Monitoring Best Practice Guide](level-2-best-practice-guide.md) (version 1.2, last update 2014)
* [Gateway Monitoring Guide](gateway-monitoring.md) (version 3.0, last update date unknown)

A version of the _Gateway Best Practice Guide_ has also been previously published, and is now considered archived, here:

> <https://docs.itrsgroup.com/docs/geneos/current/best-practices/gateway-best-practice-guide.html>

There are also other guides for Netprobe and other component installation, but their contents follows the general outline of the Gateway Installation Guide and have been superseded with little value to add and so are not being published here.
